The database system that were creating has players and these players have attributes of player ID which is unique, game started, teams played for, assist/turnover ratio, files per game, turnovers per game, blocks per game, steals per game, rebounds per game, points per game, assist per game, games played, minutes per game, date of birth, age which is a derived attribute, and name. Players play for a specific team. In this system games are played, games have a rebound leader a scoring leader and assist leader a unique timestamp which is composed of a date and time, a home team which is unique, and away team, a winner, block leader, steel leader, performance leader. These games are officiated by exactly 3 referees. Referees have key features, like whether they are crew member or not, whether they are a chief crew member or not, the number of games officiated, points per game, name, years refereed, whether they are a playoff referee or not, the number of files called per game, the home team winning percentage, the foul percentage against home team, and a unique referee ID. Each team is housed by a stadium, which has the attributes per game attendance, construction cost, name, a unique Stadium ID, capacity, whether the stadium is only for basketball or not, average ticket cost, total subsidies. A stadium can house multiple teams. Teams are also managed by general managers general managers have a name a contract with which is composed of a salary and the number of years, years in office, number of All-Star signed, number of transactions, number of draft picks, wins, losses, a derived attribute of when percentage, and a unique manager ID. A team is managed by one and exactly one general manager. Multiple teams play for one specified conference a conference has one through 16th Place as well as the number of championships that are represented by each conference. A team is also coached by one and exactly one head coach. A head coach has a total number of losses, a total number of wins, total number of games coached, championships, has a name, a unique coach ID, total years coach, career Hall of Fame players, career All-Star players, and a derived career record. Games are played by exactly two teams. Lastly teams have the attributes of a unique name, blocks per game, files per game, turnovers per game, 3-point attempted per game, 3-point percentage per game, City, free throws attempted per game, free throw percentage per game, steals per game, field goal percentage, field goals attempted, points per game, games played, championships, a derived win percentage, losses, wins, average plus minus, offensive rebounds per game, defensive rebounds per game, total rebounds per game, assist per game. Games are played in stadiums, players participate in games, and head coaches coach players. When players play in a game, they have points, assists, rebounds, blocks, steals, fg%, and 3pt%.
 